Seed Restaurant: farm-to-table dining in Bingin | Honeycombers Bali
Skip links
Skip to content
Skip to primary sidebar
Bali
Bali
Honeycombers Bali
A Guide To The Best Restaurants, Bars, Hotels and Things to Do in Bali
Search
Destinations
Canggu
Ubud
Seminyak
Uluwatu
Sanur
Kuta
Jimbaran
Nusa Dua
Lembongan
North Bali
East Bali
Guides
Before you go
Family Guides
Nearby Islands
Digital Nomad Guides
Things to do
Bali Beaches
Shopping
Spa & Wellness
Art & Culture
Day Trips
Trending Now
Where to Stay
Hotels
Villas
Eat & Drink
Restaurants
Cafes & Brunch
Bars
Weddings
Honeymoons
Wedding Planning
Hot New Tables Seed Restaurant in Bingin is where French elegance fuses with the vibrancy of Southeast Asian cuisine
By Vici &bull; 21 Sep 2023
Copy link Share via Telegram Share via WhatsApp Share on Facebook Share on X (Twitter) Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
Hungry in Uluwatu? Head to Seed Restaurant for farm-to-table dining just minutes from Bingin Beach...
Aaahh Uluwatu… There’s nowhere else we’d rather be to discover hidden beaches, watch clifftop sunsets, and spot wave riders from all over the world catching long left-handers – Uluwatu is Bali’s surfer’s paradise after all. But there’s one neighbourhood in particular that has us coming back time and time again, and that’s Bingin – a quaint little town on the Uluwatu peninsula that’s now home to chic cafes, stylish boutiques, and most recently,  Seed Restaurant – a hidden gem nestled within a lush garden that’s dishing up French-Asian fusion cuisine par excellence.
Just a short, two-minute stroll away from the steps to Bingin Beach, this garden sanctuary serves a harmonious culinary experience centred around a farm-to-table concept. And with a kitchen team helmed by Chef Simon and his 20-year global culinary expertise (including his own restaurant in the French Alps), here you can taste each region’s spices, ingredients and time-honoured recipes. All of this, topped off with impeccable service and the garden’s calming ambiance…
You’ll love it because… Seed Restaurant dishes up a holistic culinary experience that begins the moment you step foot inside Seed’s picturesque garden; a serene hideaway from the bustle of Bingin’s streets. Make your way through the lush array of homegrown produce – ready to be harvested for each farm-fresh dish – and you’ll be greeted by warm smiles and superb hospitality. This farm-to-table concept makes sure only the freshest ingredients find their way on to the menu, which features a balanced combination of Asian and French flavours, and captures the island’s diverse and vibrant culinary landscapes.
You’ll want to try… Seed’s take on the Indonesian classic: the Wagyu beef rendang . The star of this dish is the Javanese Wagyu beef that’s been meticulously selected and cooked to melt-in-your-mouth perfection. Then there’s the magical base of the sauce, AKA the coconut milk, cooked daily for five hours to maximise the indulgence. Adding to the symphony of flavours is the harmonious blend of spices and premium ingredients, creating the balance of heat, sweetness and saltiness. Finally, topping it all off is the fresh, high quality herbs sourced from the garden, including Thai basil, lemongrass and coriander… It is a true masterpiece that simply should not to be missed.
Come back for… Seed Restaurant’s ever-evolving menu. A symphony of taste, the bespoke menu celebrates the freshest seasonal ingredients, artisanal produce, and exotic spices, some of which are plucked from the Seed Garden. A skilful blend of sophisticated French cuisine with the bold and aromatic spices of Southeast Asia, the kitchen team ensures that each visit is a unique experience. From breakfast to dinner, a plethora of dishes are designed to excite and intrigue – each dish isn’t just a plate of food, but rather a carefully crafted work of art. You’ll want to come hungry to really get a taste of it all, and it goes without saying, that these wholesome dishes – like Balinese duck, seafood laksa and the catch of the day – go just right with Seed’s selection of fine wines and signature cocktails…
Our top tip? Spend the day at Bingin Beach, then wander your way to Seed Restaurant for an elevated feast that you won’t forget…
Book here: Seed Restaurant , Bingin Beach Road, Bingin, Uluwatu, p. +62 859 1066 24290 , e. seedbingin@gmail.com; Open daily 7am – 11pm.
*This is a sponsored article. however, we only partner with brands we truly recommend.
Written by Vici
Hi there! I'm Vici, an Indo gal originally from Timor island in East Indonesia. I moved to Bali in 2006, and after getting a taste of life (and food!) across four continents, I returned to Bali in 2021, because this island has always had my heart. I've swapped medical writing (yes, I'm a Science nerd!) to share my love for all things Bali with our Honeycombers readers. Want to know which local food to try, or where to roll out your yoga mat? I've got you.
More from Vici
Instagram
@HONEYCOMBERSBALI
Editor's Picks
The beach clubs you need to visit in 2026
We found Bali's best beach clubs for your 2026 bucket list. It was a tough job, but someone had to do it...
Looking for the best breakfast places in Uluwatu?
I tried Uluwatu's coolest cafes, in search of epic coffee and an ocean-view brunch. Here's what I found.
Consider yourself a foodie?
These are the best fine dining restaurants in Bali for serious foodies
Upcoming Events
24 Sep
MOSTO X MOD KAEW WINE BAR🍷
25 Sep
ZUMANA BALI GRAND OPENING WEEKEND
26 Sep
Waterbom & Friends: DJ Nu-Mark & Craze
30 Sep
Te Mata Estate Wine Dinner
03 Oct
IGNITE 2026: The Chronicles of Nusantara
03 Oct
Sunset Beach Party
&copy;2026 Honeycombers . All rights reserved.
Home
About Us
Advertising
Contact
Legal
Choose a Honeycombers edition
Singapore
Bali
Hong Kong
HoneyKids Singapore
HoneyKids Bangkok
Free Bali neighbourhood guide
Planning your next Bali vacay? Download our FREE guides to Bali's hottest 'hoods!
" * " indicates required fields
First Name *
First
E-mail *
CAPTCHA
Subscribe