Daily Beach Pass - Sundays Beach Club
Skip to content
BACK
Daily Beach Pass
VIP Experiences
Events
Bar & Dining
Activities
Tide Chart
Inclinator
Journal
Directions
FAQs
Book VIP
Daily Beach Pass
It’s in our nature
Every day we invite you to enjoy Bali’s best day on the beach. Walk-in General Admission Beach Passes are available from 7.30am on a first come, first serve basis.
7.30am to 10pm – Daily Beach Pass Includes:
Entry via Inclinator Ride
Welcome Drink upon Arrival
Bean Bag & Beach Umbrella on the Sand
Food & Beverage Credit
Watersport Equipment Access
Complimentary Fruit Skewers
Kids Painting & Activities
Sunset Bonfires & Marshmallows
Beach Towel, Sunscreen & Sunglasses Cleaning
Adults
IDR 800K per person
500K F&B Credit for our Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner Menu
Children (5-11)
IDR 400K per person
250K F&B Credit for our Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner Menu
(Infants under 5 enter Free)
Walk-In Admission
Walk-in admission from 7.30am. Entry is first come, first served.
Bean bag availability and Watersports are tide dependent.
Contact Us
Activities
At Sundays, it’s in our nature to turn every day into something special. Beyond the beach and our renowned dining, you’ll find watersports, bonfires, live music and beachfront cinema — all woven together to create a relaxed rhythm that feels as natural as the tide.
WATERSPORTS
Explore the crystal clear lagoon and scattered rock pools along the reef. Kayaks, stand up paddle boards, snorkeling or swimming – everything you need is on us. Subject to tides and availability.
SUNSET BONFIRES
We fire up our beach bonfires daily at sunset. Grab a beanbag and toast some marshmallows. Is there a better way to end the day? Daily from 6:30 PM.
Inclinator
Your journey to the water’s edge at Sundays is as spectacular as the destination itself thanks to our custom inclinator lift.
Learn More
DAILY ENTERTAINMENT
At Sundays Beach Club we set the mood and celebrate with live music from 5 PM to 8 PM to complement our daily sunset bonfires.
SUNDAYS WELLNESS
Discover ultimate rejuvenation at Sundays. Imagine starting your day with serene morning movements by the sea, then finding unique ways to revitalize your body and mind. It’s your moment to nourish your well-being in paradise.
Learn more
ASADO
Join us for ASADO BBQ every Wednesday and Sundays starting at 6PM! Share food, conversation, and the simple pleasure of watching the sun meet the sea.
Learn more
Get Social
@sundaysbeachclub
Beyond the shade of our daybeds lies a vibrant, cr
Sun kissed and sandy toes
Our stories began with simple moments like this.
These could be your munchies as you chill at Sunda
Sign up to our newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
Where Every Day's a Sunday
Best Bali Beach Club 2026
&copy; Copyright Sundays Beach Club 2026
Find Us
Jalan Pantai Selatan Gau Banjar Wijaya
Kusuma Ungasan 80362 Bali
Indonesia
Get directions
Contact us on whatsapp
Take me to
Daily Beach Pass
VIP Experiences
Upcoming Events
Monthly Tide Chart
Inclinator
Frequently Asked Questions
The Ungasan Clifftop Resort
Privacy Policy
Sundays LLM Info
Socials