KALA: A Modern Greek Neighborhood Restaurant in Uluwatu, Bali
Skip to content
Int. Driving Permit
eSIM / SIMs
English
English
Int. Driving Permit
eSIM / SIMs
Visa & Entry
Main Travel Regulations
Visa Regulations
Entry Requirements
Passport Requirement
Bali Tourist Tax
e-Customs Form
Travel Etiquette
Int. Driving Permit
Visa Extension Service
Tourist Visa -30days
eVisa on Arrival
Visit Visa -60days
(C-Type Visa)
Save%
Get Discounts with our Digital Tourist Discount Pass
Save at 200+ Handpicked Activities & Venues
incl. Free 1GB Travel eSIM
Calculate Saving
Get BaliCard
All Partners
Book
Book Hotels, Viilas, Resorts
SIMcards / eSIM
Medical Insurance
Scooters & Motorbikes
Flights to Bali
Interm Driving License
Activities & Discounts
Car with Driver
Jungle Trekking Tours
Private Airport Shuttle
Bali Discounts
200+ Handpicked Partners
Stay
Accommodation in Bali
Villas, Resorts, Hotels, Guest Houses
Hotels, Resorts & Villas
Bali Destinations
Luxury Collection
Guide
Bali Travel Guides - Smart Travel Planning
Essential Travel Guides
Best Destinations in Bali
Accommodation Guide
Transportation Guide
Weather & Seasons Guide
Practical Tips Guide
Safety Guide
Culture Guide
Etiquette Guide
Balinese Food Guide
Nature & Wildlife Guide
Special Guides
Living in Bali Guide
Wedding Guide
Luxury Travel Guide
Responsible Traveling
Conventions & MICE
Must know & Must Have
Regulations Guide
Intern. Driving Permit
Complete Guide
To Do
Things to Do in Bali
Play
Activities & Action
Sightseeing
Body, Mind & Soul
Shopping
Sport
Padel & Tennis
Diving in Bali
Golf in Bali
Surfing in Bali
Going Out
Nightlife
Beach Clubs
Eat & Drink
Events
Culture
Arak Guide
Jamu Guide
Balinese Food Guide
Balinese Dances
Balinese Textiles Guide
Gamelan Music
Etiquette
Tri Hata Karana
Bali Hinduism
Nyepi
Nature & Wildlife
Complete Culture Guide
Bali ARAK
History & Background ➜
Complete Travel Guide
Deep Bali Insights ➜
Events
What's on Bali
BALI EVENTS CALENDAR
upcoming events & festivals
BICC - The Event Space in Bali
Bali International Convention Center
Bali Nightlife
Get ready for the Night
Press Releases
Introducing KALA: A Modern Greek Neighborhood Restaurant in Uluwatu, Bali
19 August 2024
The latest addition to the vibrant culinary scene in Bukit, KALA Uluwatu, officially opened its doors in June 2024. Located a short walk from the stunning Padang-Padang Beach, KALA offers a minimal and stylish dining experience with a focus on modern Greek cuisine. The restaurant boasts a carefully curated food menu paired with speakeasy-grade cocktails and a selection of classic and natural wines.
KALA, a name that resonates in both the Indonesian and Greek languages, means “GOOD” in Greek and “TIME” in Indonesian – what’s better than a “GOOD TIME”? This philosophy is embodied in every aspect of the restaurant, from the open kitchen concept that allows guests to witness the cooking, to the logo that’s a play on Greek mythology’s three-headed dog known as Cerberus, and here represents the three founders and the free spirit of Bali dogs.
Founded by Roman Golubyatinikov, Vladimir Vanin, and Ryan Jefferson – veterans of the Bali hospitality scene – the team behind KALA brings their expertise from popular establishments like Lola’s Cantina Mexicana Canggu and Uluwatu, and Two Moods Canggu. At KALA, they deliver Greek-influenced dishes cooked on an open wood fire grill, using the finest local produce, meat, and seafood. Daily fresh catches from local fishermen, imported beef, and locally grown Bali produce are central to the menu’s ethos.
Head Chef Zarrukh Farkhodovich has over 12 years of extensive international experience in fine dining and has worked alongside world renowned chefs including Juan Mari and Elena Arzak at 3 Michelin starred Arzak restaurant in Spain, Jerome Coustillas at La Colline (French restaurant in Greece), David Hemmerle at Grand Cru in Moscow, and Nino Graziano and Luca Verdolini at Semifreddo, known as the closest point to Sicily in Moscow.
Guests can start their meal with freshly baked bread and meze dips; Tuna carpaccio; and Lamb Kofta seasoned with za’atar and fennel with a refreshing tzatziki. The menu also features rich Dolmadakia stuffed with minced beef and lamb, wrapped in grape leaves; Spanakopita spirals filled with spinach and feta in a flaky pastry; Sizzling Halloumi Tiropita with honey and cinnamon; and a fresh Greek Salad. For mains, the Succulent Lamb Shoulder with slow-cooked with chickpeas and tomatoes; Grilled octopus with baby potatoes and peperonata sauce; a dedicated Souvlaki Section with grilled skewers like chicken with flatbread, tzatziki, and chimichurri, are must-tries. Desserts include Loukoumades (Greek doughnuts) with ice cream, or the decadent Baklava Cheesecake.
The interior design is a collaborative effort among the three partners, who aimed for a minimalist and natural aesthetic that stands out uniquely in Uluwatu. The relaxed space features wooden tables, rattan chairs, and an open, inviting atmosphere. In keeping with KALA’s sustainability values, the dinnerware is part of an eco-conscious collaboration between Kevala and designer Sara Howard. This collection is crafted from industrial byproducts, repurposed to prevent environmental pollution instead of relying on new raw materials.
All New Releases
MOZAIC PRESENTS AN INTIMATE CAVIAR DINNER AT THE CHEF’S TABLE
More
04
Sep
Arrive at Sana
More
04
Sep
READY TO BE SEEN n.1
More
31
Aug
The Royal Rijsttafel at The Café Lotus Ubud
More
14
Aug
Arkamara Dijiwa Ubud Honouring Eight Years Anniversary Through a Celebration of Nature and Responsibility
More
14
Aug
Korurua Dijiwa Ubud Unveils a New Collection of Cultural Dining Experiences at Uma Tiki Restaurant
More
29
Jul
Forty-Three Years On, The Café Lotus Still Frames the Same View
More
29
Jul
White Rock Beach Club Named Official Main Venue of Coinfest Asia 2026, The World’s Crypto Festival
More
23
Jul
Blue Karma Secrets Introduces New July Wellness Experiences Across Ubud And Umalas
About Blue Karma Secrets At its essence, Blue Karma serves as a haven for those...
More
01
Jul
The Café Lotus, from Warung Teratai to a Cultural Dining Icon Beside the Ubud Water Palace
More
15
Jun
Arkamara Dijiwa Ubud Presents Wellness Day Experience: A Journey to Wellness from Sunrise to Sundown
More
15
Jun
Arkamara Dijiwa Ubud Successfully Retains Gold Eco Climate Badge 2026
More
26
May
Grow with us
Become a BaliCard Partner
Affiliate Program
CONTACT US
Don't Miss
Bali.com in the Press
News & Press Releases
MICE in Bali
Bali Airport
Search
Bali Videos
Newsletter Sign-up
In Partnership with
Official Co-Branding Partner - Wonderful Indonesia, Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy of Indonesia (Kemenparekraf)
For a Better Bali
Animal Protection & Welfare
Responsible Traveling
Yayasan, NGOs, Charities
About us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Photo Sources
Bali.com Bali Office
Jl. Bumbak 55
Kerobokan Kelod, Bali 80361
+62 (0)813 5368 4470
( Get Direction )
Copyright 2026 © Bali.com | Impressum
Visa & Entry
Save%
Book
Stay
Guide
To Do
Culture
Events
BICC – The Event Space in Bali
English
English
Change Location
Find awesome listings near you!
Change Location
We use cookies to improve your experience on bali.com. Ok Decline Privacy policy